Update Jumpstarter Architecture Documentation (#1)
jumpstarter-dev/jumpstarter-python: docs/architecture.md

# Jumpstarter Architecture

The Jumpstarter architecture is based on a client/server model. This enables a
single client to communicate with one or many devices under test.

Devices can either be connected to the same machine as the client or distributed
across remote test runners, for example, in a hybrid cloud CI environment.

The core of this architecture is the
[gRPC protocol](https://github.com/jumpstarter-dev/jumpstarter-protocol/tree/main/proto/jumpstarter/v1)
that connects a client to a device, either directly, or through a central server.

## Components

### [`jumpstarter-python`](https://github.com/jumpstarter-dev/jumpstarter-python/)

#### Device Under Test (DUT)

The DUT is the device that is being tested by Jumpstarter. One or more devices
can be connected to a single exporter instance so they are treated as a single
unit that can be tested together.

#### Exporter

The exporter is a service that can run locally or on another Linux device that

> "exports" the interfaces of the Device Under Test (DUT). The exporter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"exports" the interfaces connected to the Device Under Test (DUT). The exporter
```

May be this is clearer? :) 

I want to make sure it's clear that we don't run the exporter inside the DUT, but next to it :)
